c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevForm.dll.config
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevForm.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevForm.pdb
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.Charts.v19.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.CodeParser.v19.1.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.Data.v19.1.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.DataAccess.v19.1.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.Office.v19.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v19.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v19.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Export.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.Web.Resources.v19.1.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.Web.v19.1.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.Xpo.v19.1.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v19.1.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v19.1.Core.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v19.1.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v19.1.Web.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v19.1.Web.WebForms.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.Images.v19.1.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.Data.v19.1.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.DataAccess.v19.1.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.Office.v19.1.Core.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.1.Core.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v19.1.Core.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v19.1.Core.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Core.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.1.Core.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.Web.v19.1.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.Xpo.v19.1.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v19.1.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v19.1.Core.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v19.1.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v19.1.Web.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v19.1.Web.WebForms.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\de\DevExpress.Data.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\es\DevExpress.Data.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.Data.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.Data.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\de\DevExpress.Office.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\es\DevExpress.Office.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.Office.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.Office.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\de\DevExpress.Printing.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\es\DevExpress.Printing.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.Resources.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.Resources.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.Resources.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.Resources.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v19.1.Web.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v19.1.Web.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v19.1.Web.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v19.1.Web.resources.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\obj\Debug\DevForm.SSRR.XtraReport1.resources
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\obj\Debug\DevForm.SSRR.XtraReport2.resources
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\obj\Debug\DevForm.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\obj\Debug\DevForm.dll.licenses
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\obj\Debug\DevForm.dll
c:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DevForm\DevForm\obj\Debug\DevForm.pdb
